# Travelers Guide Server

Welcome to the Travelers Guide Server repository. This project is part of the Capstone project for BrainStation. The Travelers Guide Server provides backend support for the Travelers Guide application, which helps users plan their trips and explore new destinations.


## Installation

To get started with the Travelers Guide Server, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository:
    ```bash
    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/travelers-guide-server.git
    ```
2. Navigate to the project directory:
    ```bash
    cd travelers-guide-server
    ```
3. Install the dependencies:
    ```bash
    npm install
    ```
4. Set up the environment variables by creating a `.env` file in the root directory and adding the necessary configuration. follow the .env.sample

5. Start the server:
    ```bash
    npm start
    ```

## Usage

Once the server is running, you can access the API endpoints to interact with the Travelers Guide application. The server listens on port `8080` by default, but you can change this in the `.env` file.

## API Endpoints

Here are some of the main API endpoints available:

- `GET /api/gemini/itinerary` - Retrieve a list of destinations generated by Gemini thorugh the post request
- `POST /api/gemini/itinerary` - Retrieve a list of destinations generated by Gemini thorugh the post request

## Points for Improvement

The API has been setup to only use gemini at the moment, but Places API was also setup for Curl requests. Places is only used to verify the Geolocation of the Gemini resluts but can be used for other requests.